build: add claude skill to find and add translations for dynamic strings (capabilities-based) (#462)
myparcelnl/pdk: .claude/skills/check-pdk-translations/SKILL.md

## Modes

- **check** — diagnostic only. Lists missing keys, grouped by category, with the legacy key (if any) whose value can be reused.
- **translate** — same as check, plus interactive translation flow that produces a TSV ready to paste into the sheet. Optionally re-imports translations into plugins/PDK and rebuilds.

## Required input

- **Plugin path** — absolute path to a plugin's translations directory (e.g. `/Users/freek.vanrijt/projects/docker-prestashop/modules/myparcelnl`). If the user did not provide one, ask. Do not invent a default.

## Workflow

### Step 1 — refresh translations (always)

Before either mode, refresh the plugin's translation files so the comparison reflects the current state of the Google Sheet:

```bash
cd <plugin-path> && yarn translations:import
```

If the plugin uses a different command (older repos), check `package.json` for a translation-related script and use that. Don't skip this step — stale local files will produce false positives.

### Step 2 — enumerate expected keys

> Use `scripts/find_missing_keys.sh <plugin-path>`. The script reads PDK Definition classes and SDK constants, computes expected keys by category, diffs against the plugin's `en.json`, and prints missing keys grouped per category.

Author: Updated — line now mentions all 5 languages and the docker-based PHP introspection.

If you need to understand or extend what the script enumerates, read `references/key-patterns.md` — it documents every key pattern and where it comes from.

The output is grouped per category:
```

> == shipment_options ==                    (label + _description from Definition classes)

Author: Dropped `_description` from the `shipment_options` annotation — script only emits labels, as you noted.

Examples:

- ✅ "Sibling **values** for `settings_carrier_export_*` use a mix of 'Activate X' / 'Enable X' / just 'X'. I'll follow the dominant 'Activate X' pattern for these new entries."
- ✅ "The **key** `shipment_options_oversized_package` is the capability-key form of the legacy **key** `shipment_options_large_format`. I'll reuse the legacy **value** 'Extra large format' verbatim under the new **key**."
- ❌ "settings*carrier_export*\* has mixed patterns in legacy ('Activate X' / 'Enable X' / just 'X'). Newer additions (fresh_food, frozen) drop the verb, so I'll do the same." → ambiguous: are we talking about keys or values? Always clarify.

## Modes

- **check** — diagnostic only. Lists missing keys, grouped by category, with the legacy key (if any) whose value can be reused.
- **translate** — same as check, plus interactive translation flow that produces a TSV ready to paste into the sheet. Optionally re-imports translations into plugins/PDK and rebuilds.

## Required input

> - **Plugin path** — absolute path to a plugin's translations directory (e.g. `/Users/freek.vanrijt/projects/docker-prestashop/modules/myparcelnl`). If the user did not provide one, ask. Do not invent a default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Plugin path** — absolute path to a plugin's translations directory (e.g. `/Users/user-name/projects/docker-prestashop/modules/myparcelnl`). If the user did not provide one, ask. Do not invent a default.
```
